the hustle-bustle on roads are
substantially increased and so has the
need for small cards but back home mom's
still want something which looks cool
and the status wizard where's the dad on
something just light on so what do you
do well go to your favorite reliable
manufacturer and challenge to tailor
make it fun that's exactly what we've
come to
now this is young guys latest trend
setter which has been tailor-made finita
Souls like you and me tonight Yan has
very well sculpture nose and looks too
cute to be ignored standing aloof in a
parking lot it is clearly one of the
finest little small cars in the offering
it is a car that has been designed from
scratch to spoil consumers the choice
the rack with half pressing taillights
and the spoiler on roof is not that the
car looking sides the side has bulges
are just the right places with both
stroke running along the side contour
when the yunda Yan will launch it is
supposed to be young guys pitch again
Smarties back seller Lee also exactly
after one year
marquise launch see also 800 which would
based on design mentorship headlands and
an airbag tries to have the last long
but can it go time for us to barge in
and find out
well Martha clearly cannot have the last
laugh especially when it comes to the
Indians because the fit and finish the
quality look of the interiors of the
Gion are much better than autos
stripped-down ones the interiors are
top-notch nothing as in the top parent
can satisfy a carnival or the plastic
quality is good and with the waterfall
design - the windscreen feels like it is
miles away not just the features like CD
mp3 oxen USP but also the look in a
field center console give it a feel like
it has trickled down to a more cracking
cup to 1 5 litres of boot space is again
segmented well with the way the belt
lines or goes upwards I've been told the
rest HD on can give you quite a hemmed
and fill that's why I've come to God's
rescue and let me tell you it's actually
not that bad and especially with the
headrests individual into the seats up
front it is actually giving you an
all-round visibility but when I'm here
for short distance runs my concentration
is just not out the window I'm only
looking at the central console guiding
mum to switch between stations
yeah indicators are obviously tuned for
Unicode so we'll barge in and tell you
to keep it in higher gears engine
requires quite a bit of curve for over
the Indians of it that's it
this ain't a car for zipping and zapping
it that means performance and how
because lack of punch with the missing
four cylinder becomes apparent right the
very beginning
do you really care though isn't it clear
that it is coming at empty cost only to
do regular rounds where the engine is
mainly facilitated and not a work force
and for doing that the touch is very
much
coming to the NPH not faint pressive at
all the Gary's I could tell you always
shaking in migraine for no reason
whatsoever
[Music]
it is not past the oven suspension desk
with flying colors
because deteriorated roads and too many
potholes turn off the heat on however
there is a sense of stability in the car
which is too hard to get your yarn I
think is a very reasonable shawl to
market with the neon for the name to
give marquee around to their money is it
end up cannibalizing its own Sun so a
bit but that said it still a good car
for those let me go to design at the
same time value for money